README.md, before:

# Introduction

DevSecOps & Zero Trust are central to endjin's Cloud Adoption Framework approach. Many of endjin's customers operate in regulated industries, and thus it is highly undesirable for external partners to have access to any environment that contains customer data. Although this does cause day-to-day complications for partners, it is also highly desirable, as it mitigates security and professional indemnity risks, and minimises GDPR obligations by limiting access. 

But operating in this Zero Trust way causes additional complications for partners who need ACR to maintain their Microsoft Partner Competencies, as the Partner Admin Link (PAL) approach is designed to prove that partner are actively driving consumption by proving that they have at least contributor rights to a subscription, resource group or resource.

This repository provides an approach for configuring Partner Admin Link in a Zero Trust way, that enables the customer to have protected subscriptions, but also allows the partner to prove that their workloads are running in those Zero Trust environments.

## Licenses

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202-blue.svg)](https://github.com/endjin/zero-trust-partner-admin-link/blob/main/LICENSE)

This project is available under the Apache 2.0 open source license.

For any licensing questions, please email [&#108;&#105;&#99;&#101;&#110;&#115;&#105;&#110;&#103;&#64;&#101;&#110;&#100;&#106;&#105;&#110;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;](&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#105;&#99;&#101;&#110;&#115;&#105;&#110;&#103;&#64;&#101;&#110;&#100;&#106;&#105;&#110;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;)

## Project Sponsor

This project is sponsored by [endjin](https://endjin.com), a UK based Microsoft Gold Partner for Cloud Platform, Data Platform, Data Analytics, DevOps, a Power BI Partner, and .NET Foundation Corporate Sponsor.

We help small teams achieve big things.

For more information about our products and services, or for commercial support of this project, please [contact us](https://endjin.com/contact-us). 

We produce two free weekly newsletters; [Azure Weekly](https://azureweekly.info) for all things about the Microsoft Azure Platform, and [Power BI Weekly](https://powerbiweekly.info).

Keep up with everything that's going on at endjin via our [blog](https://blogs.endjin.com/), follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/endjin), or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/1671851/).

Our other Open Source projects can be found on [our website](https://endjin.com/open-source)

## Code of conduct

This project has adopted a code of conduct adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org/) to clarify expected behavior in our community. This code of conduct has been [adopted by many other projects](http://contributor-covenant.org/adopters/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [&#104;&#101;&#108;&#108;&#111;&#064;&#101;&#110;&#100;&#106;&#105;&#110;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;](&#109;&#097;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;:&#104;&#101;&#108;&#108;&#111;&#064;&#101;&#110;&#100;&#106;&#105;&#110;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;) with any additional questions or comments.

Commit message:

Add instructions to the Readme for partner and customer

README.md, after:

# Introduction

DevSecOps & Zero Trust are central to endjin's Cloud Adoption Framework approach. Many of endjin's customers operate in regulated industries, and thus it is highly undesirable for external partners to have access to any environment that contains customer data. Although this does cause day-to-day complications for partners, it is also highly desirable, as it mitigates security and professional indemnity risks, and minimises GDPR obligations by limiting access. 

But operating in this Zero Trust way causes additional complications for partners who need ACR to maintain their Microsoft Partner Competencies, as the Partner Admin Link (PAL) approach is designed to prove that partner are actively driving consumption by proving that they have at least contributor rights to a subscription, resource group or resource.

This repository provides an approach for configuring Partner Admin Link in a Zero Trust way, that enables the customer to have protected subscriptions, but also allows the partner to prove that their workloads are running in those Zero Trust environments.

## Instructions for The Partner

In a PowerShell Command Prompt:

`Import-Module .\ZeroTrust.PAL.psd1 -force`

Then run:

`New-ZeroTrustPartnerAdminLinkPartnerIdentity -PartnerName <YOUR COMPANY NAME> -AppNamePrefix "Microsoft-Partner-Admin-Link-Identity"`

This will output a guid, which you need to provide to your customer, so they can use it as the `PartnerIdentityAppId` parameter to the `Set-ZeroTrustPartnerAdminLink` Cmdlet, along with your MPN Id

## Instructions for The Customer

In a PowerShell Command Prompt:

`Import-Module .\ZeroTrust.PAL.psd1 -force`

Then run:

`Export-CustomerSubscriptionsAsCsvForPartnerAdminLink -Path .\customer-subs.csv`

Open the `customer-subs.csv` remove any subscriptions that you do not want to assign PAL to for The Partner, and then save the file.

Then run:

`Set-ZeroTrustPartnerAdminLink -PartnerName Contoso -MpnId <PROVIDED BY THE PARTNER> -PartnerIdentityAppId <PARTNERIDENTITYAPPID PROVIDED BY THE PARTNER> -SubscriptionsCsv .\customer-subs.csv`

When prompted, you will need to authenticate.

## Licenses

[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202-blue.svg)](https://github.com/endjin/zero-trust-partner-admin-link/blob/main/LICENSE)

This project is available under the Apache 2.0 open source license.

For any licensing questions, please email [&#108;&#105;&#99;&#101;&#110;&#115;&#105;&#110;&#103;&#64;&#101;&#110;&#100;&#106;&#105;&#110;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;](&#109;&#97;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;&#58;&#108;&#105;&#99;&#101;&#110;&#115;&#105;&#110;&#103;&#64;&#101;&#110;&#100;&#106;&#105;&#110;&#46;&#99;&#111;&#109;)

## Project Sponsor

This project is sponsored by [endjin](https://endjin.com), a UK based Microsoft Gold Partner for Cloud Platform, Data Platform, Data Analytics, DevOps, a Power BI Partner, and .NET Foundation Corporate Sponsor.

We help small teams achieve big things.

For more information about our products and services, or for commercial support of this project, please [contact us](https://endjin.com/contact-us). 

We produce two free weekly newsletters; [Azure Weekly](https://azureweekly.info) for all things about the Microsoft Azure Platform, and [Power BI Weekly](https://powerbiweekly.info).

Keep up with everything that's going on at endjin via our [blog](https://blogs.endjin.com/), follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/endjin), or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/1671851/).

Our other Open Source projects can be found on [our website](https://endjin.com/open-source)

## Code of conduct

This project has adopted a code of conduct adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org/) to clarify expected behavior in our community. This code of conduct has been [adopted by many other projects](http://contributor-covenant.org/adopters/). For more information see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [&#104;&#101;&#108;&#108;&#111;&#064;&#101;&#110;&#100;&#106;&#105;&#110;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;](&#109;&#097;&#105;&#108;&#116;&#111;:&#104;&#101;&#108;&#108;&#111;&#064;&#101;&#110;&#100;&#106;&#105;&#110;&#046;&#099;&#111;&#109;) with any additional questions or comments.
